# pair-wise-molecular-embedding  Feature engineering is a tricky task in small sample modeling with machine learning algorithms, especially for molecular materials in such a complex solar cell. To save feature engineering in machine learning (ML) modeling for power conversion efficiency (PCE) of organic solar cells (OSCs), a donor and acceptor(D/A) pairwise molecular embedding representation algorithm is suggested for predicting PCE of OSCs. The generated embedding has been used in popular ML methods, and leads to remarkable performance improvement. The best model (TextCNN) achieved correlation coefficient r (0.89), RMSE (1.29), R2 (0.79) and Q2 (0.81), demonstrating accuracy, goodness of fit and stability of models were satisfactory and significantly better than the baseline models. The performance of models with the embedding is better than ones with chemical descriptors, which indicates the generated embedding can better represent molecules than property descriptors. The t-SNE visualization of molecular embedding shows that the reduced embedding representation can cluster target PCE values very well. This maybe manifests that the generated embedding is more comprehensive than engineered descriptors. Our experiments also showed that D/A pairwise molecular embeddings are superior to D or A single molecular embedding due to D-A interaction information probably involved. In addition, the similarity of molecular substructure agrees well the distance obtained by fingerprint embedding, which explains the representativeness of embeddings. Therefore, a pipeline program is designed for automatically generating the pairwise embeddings from jointed D/A molecular fingerprints for easy adoption. Promisingly, the proposed model and the pairwise embedding generation tool are able to facilitate screening high-performance OSC materials. 
